But you think Ji Soo isn't good enough?
She isn't educated enough?
She isn't good enough for our family?
That's what you think.
You think our Ji Soo...
lacks class and elegance.
Tell me about Jo Soon Ok first.
Are you the one who smuggled her away?
You...
No Myung Hee, you...
You believe you're so classy and elegant,
but you, Myung Hee...
You lost our daughter...
while going to meet another man.
You lost Eun Seok.
What...
What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
You lost Eun Seok while going to meet another man.
And she almost died that day.
No way. Why would she die?
If Jo Soon Ok wasn't watching her,
how would she know Seo Tae Soo took her?
Jo Soon Ok said he was her high school senior.
She realized Seo Tae Soo when he gave a lecture...
as a successful business man,
so she was able to find Ji Soo at his house.
No.
Jo Soon Ok wasn't watching.
It was only coincidence. She was lucky.
So how would you know that?
(From Kang Chul Min, To Choi Jae Sung)
(Seo Ji An is not Choi Eun Seok.)
I thought Jo Soon Ok sent me the letter...
that said Seo Ji An is not Eun Seok.
But you denied it so firmly.
She's the key suspect, but you said you don't know.
Isn't it important to know who sent me that letter?
I think it's that woman, Jo Soon Ok.
It's not her.
I made sure she keeps her mouth shut.
We should still find where she is.
I'm looking for her.
Suddenly...
I thought you might know where Jo Soon Ok is.
I was suspicious about you.
Tell Mr. Jung to add more people...
and watch her for 24 hours.
Yes, ma'am.
I knew you never let her go.
So I met her.
You went to Jo Soon Ok's house?
I've never received any reports.
You trust money so much.
Money loses power in front of bigger money.
I've heard it all from Jo Soon Ok's couple.
She was holding Eun Seok in front of you.
But you passed her as if you were blind.
That's all I knew at that time,
but...
She said she can't wait any longer.
Are you ready to send her to the Philippines?
A long time ago.
Get the ticket now, and send her away tomorrow.
Take her to the airport right away.
Prepare a million dollars for her to get there.
I knew what it was.
You kept her quiet until the foundation day.
You even gave 1 million dollars...
to people who made my daughter frightened...
and starve all day long.
Then I remembered the picture.
I made people search because of...
what Seo Tae Soo said before.
You made people search?
I found Ji Soo...
where there was no trail...
or houses. It was a remote place.
It's remote?
I wanted to know where my daughter was abandoned.
It's very remote.
There were 10 houses over the bridge,
but after the big forest fire,
everyone has left.
It's still remote.
It would've been worse 25 years ago.
That's where Eun Seok was alone until late night.
She was crying for a long time,
but those people only watched her in the car?
I was furious.
You let those people go.
Then...
I remembered the photo from the investigation.
What do you mean?
There was no place to watch her...
in their car for hours in those pictures.
So I went back to Jo Soon Ok.
I had to confirm it before you sent her away.
You watched until someone took Eun Seok?
Of course.
That's how I knew Seo Tae Soo took her.
Tell me where you hid the car to watch her.
The forest nearby.
Where in the forest?
Before the bridge or after the bridge?
Actually...
It was before the bridge, right?
Yes.
25 years ago,
it was a narrow trail before the bridge.
There were only farms around.
It was the same across the bridge too.
There's no place...
to hide your car because it's slanted.
Did you really watch Eun Seok?
For how long were you watching her?
You took Eun Seok from Yangpyeong rest area...
around 10:30am.
You said you dropped her on that bridge right away.
Then it was around 1pm.
Where did you watch her for four hours...
until Seo Tae Soo took her at 5pm?
We weren't in the car.
We were hiding under the bridge.
For four hours?
Yes. We almost died too.
We couldn't even have lunch.
Seo Tae Soo found her after 9pm.
Jo Soon Ok dropped off Eun Seok during the day...
and had a party at their friend's house after that.
They said it rained at night on their way home.
They slipped on the rainy road while...
driving drunk and hit a telephone pole.
We went to the repair shop to fix the car.
Eun Seok was watching me inside the car parked...
in front of a store next to it.
Nice to meet you, everyone.
I'm Seo Tae Soo, from the 15th alumnus...
of Hantaek high school.
What do you think...
your bosses do at work?
It was Seo Tae Soo, who came for a lecture...
three years ago.
He was even on the newspapers...
in my town as a successful business man.
How could that almost kill Eun Seok?
The bridge was rebuilt in 1993.
That night,
August 19, 1992.
It was swept by the heavy rain.
You don't trust people easily.
But you trusted Jo Soon Ok when she said...
she watched until someone took her.
Rather than doubting Jo Soon Ok,
it's a lie that someone took Eun Seok...
while you were unconscious from a car accident.
The truth is that you were afraid...
of people finding out about you leaving...
without checking your daughter in the back.
If people found out that was a lie,
they'll also find out...
who you met in Yangpyeong.
You didn't say anything...
even though you knew that much?
Yes. I never said anything.
It might be the reason you expect or not.
Or there may be another reason.
Anyway, I couldn't reveal it.
So I still don't want to talk with you...
about what happened 25 years ago.
There's only one reason why I'm saying this now.
Don't disturb Ji Soo's life.
You don't have any rights to do that.
Don't think about sending Ji Soo abroad ever again.
And don't think about dragging her home.
Don't bully Sunwoo Hyuk's family either.
Give Yang Mi Jung her restaurant back.
Are you saying I should give up my daughter?
If you want her back, put an effort to be her mom.
Don't act like Haesung's daughter, No Myung Hee.
How could this happen to me?
Ms. Min came to buy the bakery building.
I will look into this and handle it.
Don't worry, and wait for my call.
(Father)
Yes?
Hyuk, I like Ji Soo too.
But that was rash on your part.
Someone came to my cafe to buy the building too.
Hee.
Her mother can't kick you and Nam Goo out...
even if she buys buildings.
You have over 4 years left,
and he has 3 years left.
That's not the only reason of my disapproval.
I'd been married to a rich family because of Mom.
Yes, he was rich,
but he patronized me just because he had money.
It's best to marry a girl with a similar background.
Someone from similar families and conditions.
Hee, right now,
they are not getting married.
He's right, Hee. We just started dating.
You just started dating,
but they're pressuring you by buying the buildings.
What if you get serious and want to get married?
It's better to end things now.
What if the fate between me and Ji Soo...
is similar to what is between you and Nam Goo?
Actually, I thought that I got scared...
which wasn't like myself.
She could've been an important girl in my life.
I don't want to run away without trying first.
I agree with him.
Boss, I'm finished making the vanity table.
Sun Tae, give me more order slips.
- Here you go. - Okay.
Why is she working so hard?
I'm not sure.
Although it's small, it has an office and a yard.
You can make better use of the space.
But why is this factory on the market?
Well, my partner mortgaged this factory for loans...
and disappeared after taking all the capital.
The factory manager said he'll bring engineers too.
- Is that so? Good job. - Yes.
- Let's see the warehouse. - Right. Let's get going.
(Buyer: Choi Do Kyung)
(Factory Sales Contract)
Then I will see you when I pay you the rest.
Okay.
You said you wanted to clean the factor today.
Thank you.
Thank you for your kindness.
Congratulations, Boss.
Don't congratulate me yet. We haven't even started.
This is all thanks to you.
Is it because I invested in your venture?
You're my reliable investor and secretary.
- Let's go to the factory. - Okay.
How much waste wood do we have?
Pickup day is tomorrow, so we have a lot.
That's great then.
And hand over waste wood to Do Kyung from now on.
Why?
He just called. He bought the factory just now.
He finished hiring the employees too.
Already?
He's quite driven.
- What kind of factory? - Organic pet pellets.
Isn't it great? He lowered his standards so low.
Good for him.
Your mother went out of the line this time.
It's just because how she has been living her life.
I will apologize on her behalf.
Please don't.
But...
Why do you look so worried?
Do you think I can't keep a promise I made to you?
What did she say?
You can continue working at the bakery.
And was it Sunwoo Hyuk?
She won't harm his family either.
You don't...
need to come back home either.
Really?
Can I really do that?
Thank you so much.
And I'll get you a place to stay.
Will staying in this area be comfortable for you?
An apartment or studio? Which do you prefer?
No, it's okay. I can stay at the share house.
I can't live by myself because I get lonely.
I want to stay there since Do Kyung is there too.
Sure.
You can do that if that's what you want.
Okay.
However,
call me anytime if you need or want anything.
Okay, I will.
Is your boyfriend...
nice to you?
Yes, It feels like a dream to be here with him.
I guess it went well.
Dad took care of it.
I can work at the bakery, stay at the share house,
and continue dating you too, Hyuk.
- Really? - Yes.
I'm so glad.
I want to thank him...
and apologize to him too.
Hold on.
(Do Kyung)
Do Kyung.
How did the meeting with Dad go?
It went well.
Everything all worked out.
Did he really say that?
Did Mom approve?
I think so. He said not to worry about a thing.
Really? I'm glad.
- Tell Ji An. - Right, I should.
I'll hurry and tell her about it.
Okay. I got it. Bye.
This is great.
The vice chairman...
It probably wasn't easy. I'm so grateful to him.
I know.
I'm really grateful,
but I'm really sorry to him at the same time.
You should call him and spend time together.
He was also different to me compared to Ms. No.
I'm sorry to you too.
You had to move back home because of me.
I was planning to move back anyway.
The day you came was the day I was to move out.
Really?
You left your clothes and went grocery shopping,
so I thought you left in a hurry.
You didn't bring clothes, and grocery was nothing.
I want to move back into our old home too,
but if I do, it would put Mom and Dad in a pickle.
You can't come back to my house.
I know that.
But it was nice to sleep with you again.
It reminded me of our old days.
Me too.
Except it was suffocating since you hugged me tight.
Hey.
How's working here?
When I work with wood, time flies by,
and it occupies my thoughts. I like it.
I knew it when you made me a wooden drawer.
I am so happy that you are doing what you love.
Then you should go now. I have to finish this.
But I want to wait until you finish work.
Let's make dinner at the shared house.
At the shared house?
Yes. I can't cook,
so I will assist you well.
Well, that's...
- Wait. - Okay.
(Myung Shin)
Hey, Myung Shin.
Tomorrow? I have time.
How can I not go? I must go to congratulate you.
You're back.
Did you have dinner?
I already ate.
Give us some tea.
When Do Kyung comes back,
I will return the restaurant to Mi Jung.
"When Do Kyung comes back"?
Even though they saved Eun Seok in the past,
they sent us the wrong child.
We shouldn't be grateful to them for that.
Besides, because they sent us Ji An,
Do Kyung fell for her.
They did a lot of damage to our family.
You're still calculating?
We could've not lost her in the first place.
Why don't you stop talking about things...
you shouldn't talk about?
What?
You found out about it 25 years ago,
but you covered it up for 25 years.
Then you shouldn't have brought it up forever.
Do you want me to tell you...
why I did that back then?
You treated me so coldly as soon as we got married.
You married me knowing who I am.
Right?
The feeling of being betrayed...
gives you the power to do anything.
Talking with you any more is meaningless.
I met Ji Soo.
I told her to keep working at the bakery,
and I told her to stay at the shared house.
I told her to go out with her boyfriend too.
I also told her not to worry about his family.
This is very much like you.
Isn't he tired?
How can he work for hours without any rest?
Right.
Work is the only way to get over the broken heart.
You need to torture yourself.
Ji An is on her way here.
Is she? You should go to be first.
You have work tomorrow.
She's almost here, so I have to see her.
She's finally coming home after months.
I want to hear about Ji Soo too.
I know.
She sent me a message that she is okay.
Mom, by any chance,
are you willing to move to the countryside?
No.
It's not what you think.
I don't want you to worry about us.
We will never be a burden to you.
Your father said it many times,
as if he was leaving a will.
And I'll work too now.
So you're just like other mothers.
You don't want to look after your grandchild.
What? That's not it. I would do that anytime.
But...
it all depends on what Soo A wants.
I'm home.
- Hi. - Ji Tae.
When you said, "I'm home",
it finally felt real.
You are really back.
Don't say you are happy to see me again.
Let's skip the embarrassing part.
If that's what he said,
Ji Soo should be relieved.
I'm so happy for Ji Soo.
Ji Soo is okay now, and Dad is getting better.
Your eldest daughter is back too.
There's nothing to worry about now.
Is Dad getting better?
How could he abandon us?
When I told him that I was scared at night,
he lit only my path with a flashlight.
And when I told him about Ji Ho,
he instantly looked worried.
It wasn't something difficult.
But we were too indifferent to him.
When will he realize...
that the symptoms are going away?
It would take about a month.
That is if we continue to try hard.
I guess she's really...
done with their son.
I am going to visit Dad with Ji Soo one day.
I think that would be the best medicine for him.
I have something to say too.
Mom. It's about Soo A.
Didn't you say she's gone training?
She doesn't have to worry about calling me.
It's getting late.
You should all rest.
Ji An,
thank you for coming home.
What's wrong with Mom?
Did something happen to you?
I missed you, Dex.
I missed you too.
Hey, you're home.
What's that on your hair?
You got a big piece of dust on your hair.
You've got some on your clothes too.
What did you do at the factory?
I think I should do the questioning instead.
What were you two doing sitting there together?
We were watching a movie in an open space.
Don't stay together after 10pm.
You're so strict.
If you stay in one of your rooms together,
you will get a yellow card right away.
And you will get kicked out.
Do Kyung, we are not that close.
Come on. It's past 11pm. Go back to your rooms.
- Goodnight, Ji Soo. - Goodnight, Hyuk.
Father, what brings you here at this hour?
I can't sleep.
I didn't think I'll be able to sleep anyway,
so I thought I'd come here.
Everyone must be sleeping well here.
Is this rice or gravel?
Make me porridge.
All right, sir.
You must still be very healthy.
You have a good appetite.
They say breakfast is most important for you.
Since you have so much energy,
go get Do Kyung.
Since when did this family...
become like a middle-class family...
where everyone does as they please?
Is our family...
an ordinary family?
You are part of Haesung Corporation.
But without consulting with me at all...
Right, she's your daughter and my granddaughter.
You used your prerogative as her father...
to let Ji Soo leave.
So bring Do Kyung back.
Even you couldn't bring him back.
So how could I bring him back?
I am not confident about that, sir.
Did you think...
I would tell you to grab him by his collar?
I already laid the foundation.
I already went to Tae Soo and scared him enough.
You went to that house?
What did you do there?
I hit him just two times.
You hit him?
Ji An must've hear it through her parents.
She would then tell Do Kyung about it.
After hearing about what you did for Ji Soo,
Do Kyung would go to you for help.
He wouldn't dare to come to me.
From my understanding, they're not dating.
So confirm it with him, and bring back Do Kyung.
Why are you so soft? This is so unmanly.
My gosh.
My bronchial tubes and lungs are in bad shape,
but how could I step down from this?
I must see my company become a Top 10 business.
Ji An.
Do Kyung.
You're wearing the same clothes,
so I thought you were Ji An.
I don't have my clothes, so Ji An left some for me.
I see.
I have to go to work.
Why did he come to the kitchen?
"Dad, aren't you coming to Seoul?"
"Please call me when you do."
Why wouldn't he tell me about Ji Soo?
(Ji An)
Ji An.
You answered so quickly.
Were you waiting for my call?
No, I just got off the phone.
Then I'll tell you about Ji Soo first.
Ji Soo's father solved all her problems.
She will stay in the shared house...
and continue working at the bakery.
He even let her date her boyfriend.
Is... Is that right?
How did he let her do all that?
I know. I'm surprised too.
That family is impossible.
What... what about you?
Are you okay?
What about me?
You mean that guy?
Of course I am okay.
I only liked him a little bit.
And I'm not that slow.
I don't hope for something I can't have.
I'm done with him for good.
So don't worry.
Dad, I called you on my way to work.
All right. I'll hang up then.
I am going home today. Will you wait for me?
It's something to do with my grandson, Do Kyung.
I don't know if it's love or attachment.
But something that should never happen...
is happening right now.
No... No way.
She's a witch.
The way she handles men is unbelievable.
That... That's nonsense.
[VIU Ver] E43 My Golden Life "Do You Want to Fight Me?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
It's something to do with my grandson, Do Kyung.
Something that should never happen...
is happening right now.
Dad.
Your shoes are here.
You're sleeping.
It's so cold.
Why did you come again?
I felt upset, but I had nowhere to go.
Should I just be a farmer in the countryside?
Hey, you're still young. Losing 5,000 dollars...
means nothing. Why would you talk such nonsense?
Well, that's one thing.
But it turns out I am not a good businessman.
I tried selling clothes on the streets.
But I am terrible at it.
I want to do business, but I am not fit for it.
So I'd be just wasting money.
You don't need skills.
Then what do I need?
You need a heart, you brat.
How can I do business with a heart?
Right.
You were a businessman.
You sold bath towels in Middle East...
and earned 10,000 dollars.
You were on the newspapers for that.
I... I used to do that.
Dad, how did you sell those in the Middle East?
Tell me about it.
You can't let your customers...
find out that you are just trying...
to make them buy your goods.
For example, let's say you're selling clothes.
If you tell them they look good in anything,
they would know your intention.
Do they really?
Of course they do.
They know what looks good...
and what looks bad on themselves.
Be honest.
You have to help them as if you're helping...
your family buy things.
How did you do it, Dad?
(Whoever House)
Hey.
The fact that he's telling his parents everything...
means that he's made up his mind, right?
So why did you bring up the divorce issue?
Well, I'm glad that I did.
He immediately chose the child over me.
I was surprised too.
As I watched you two dating for four years,
I envied you.
Ji Tae was so loyal to you.
How could he change right after you got married?
He changed, right?
However,
if Ji Tae really chose the child over you,
you shouldn't have the baby.
If I don't have the baby,
he won't divorce me.
How can he say that?
What if the baby doesn't exist anymore?
What?
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
Thank you, girls.
I can't believe I'm living to see this day.
I am so overwhelmed.
Ji An made me earrings and a necklace.
We've been worried too.
You spent three years preparing for this exam.
We were worried that you'd fail again.
Do you know how uncomfortable it is...
if a friend is unemployed?
Come on, Min Kyung.
I am sorry, Ji An.
About what?
I am not unemployed.
I heard you are doing a part-time job...
at a woodworking studio.
Still, I make money.
As long as I can afford living, I'm fine.
Why don't you take the civil service exam?
You're smart,
and you always had good grades.
You will pass in just a year.
You should prepare being a level seven officer.
I get bored easily, so it doesn't suit me.
Why did you suddenly quit Haesung Apparel?
You had finally become a regular employee.
- She didn't like it. - "Didn't like it"?
You suffered for years to get into a big company.
How can you not like it now?
You're not saying you like working...
in the wood working studio, are you?
I love wood.
Didn't I do such a good job?
I might work with wood for the rest of my life.
Then how will you get married?
Nowadays, it's hard to get married...
if you don't have a proper job.
But still, you got married.
My husband is a doctor, so he earns well.
And his family is well-off too.
Is that why you go to his parents'...
every Sunday and cook?
Even if you are eight months pregnant.
They bought us a house in Gangnam.
How could I not do that?
Stop it, girls.
There must be someone perfect for me.
He won't mind whether I am a carpenter,
a craftsman, or a designer.
Cheers.
It's not even for industrial use.
You want to run a small business for cats?
Look at you.
You can't snort at me unless...
you start a business with nothing like I did.
If you weren't the son of Sungho Corporation,
what could have you done?
I'd never leave my family.
Then keep your mouth shut.
You can do all that...
because you have somewhere to return to.
Do you really think so?
No.
Actually, I don't know.
I can't read your mind anymore.
I guess you can't.
You can't look into it when you're in there.
What does that mean?
My family looks different from the outside...
from the way it seemed from the inside.
You can see the woods only from the outside?
I'm talking about Ji Soo.
When they tried to introduce her...
as Ji An at the anniversary event,
I was a little surprised,
but I didn't know what it was like.
I just thought they had no choice...
for the company.
But it was ridiculous.
They tried to introduce her as someone else...
just to save the face of the family.
It's was just wrong.
They often sacrifice the lesser for the greater.
I don't know about the industrial logic.
But she's my family.
You ran away from home to win Ji An's heart,
but you only learned about humanism.
It doesn't help you run a business.
Don't talk about Ji An.
I miss her.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
So did you meet him at the training institute?
Yes.
It turns out we went to the same academy.
We could've brushed past each other 10 times.
Gosh, it's so lame but somewhat romantic.
I'm sure you didn't brush past each other only.
I guess your eyes could've met a few times too.
You think so?
I envy you.
Good for you, Myung Shin.
Ji An.
People usually have a weakness for love.
Of course I know...
why you can't be with Do Kyung.
But whenever I hear about your story...
I mean, don't you even feel weak?
I feel so weak.
It's really hard...
to push him away from my mind.
But everything is over now.
Do Kyung could shelter you from everything.
His father, the vice chairman.
He was the eldest son of an ordinary family.
But he can't even hold a memorial service...
for his ancestors on holidays.
He can't even visit his ancestors' graves.
He said that's what he's supposed to do.
All decisions are up to Ms. No or Chairman No.
My gosh.
That means Do Kyung's wife can't do anything.
You'd have to do as you're told.
I want to love myself before someone else.
I can't rush into something...
giving up on my everything.
And the same applies to him too.
Is he Jung Soo? Your boyfriend.
I wish he were like your boyfriend.
If he were...
If Do Kyung were an ordinary office worker...
Or if he were...
an ordinary person who runs his business...
If he were?
I would've gone to his office...
right after work.
I could help him with his presentation.
We could go out for a beer after work.
If he met someone bad at work,
I'd join him complaining about that person.
I'd tell him what I made...
or what I did that day.
And he'd praise me for my work.
Stuff like that.
I just want to share...
little things about our lives.
Sometimes we'd laugh or get angry,
but we'd eventually make up.
We could've done that.
If you marry Do Kyung,
can you never do any of that?
Of course not.
His family wouldn't even let me date him.
Call me when you get home.
Gosh, why am I here?
Put some eggs on it.
- And squeeze the ketchup. - Squeeze it a lot.
Good.
A heart? And a lot of mustard.
It's like a penalty.
It will be good. It's done.
It feels like we're playing house.
It's good to make breakfast together.
It must be good since you made it.
What are you doing here together again?
We made yours too.
Really?
You should do that.
You can enjoy it alone together.
What? You don't have to do that.
Ji An.
Do Kyung.
He cared for Ji An a lot...
as her brother.
They worked together at the company back then,
so they were together all the time.
That's when he started to change.
He changed after Ji An came to our house.
What are you thinking about?
Hyuk.
I kind of have a weird feeling.
I know it is ridiculous, but...
What is it? Tell me.
It's about Do Kyung.
He left home while saying he wants his life back.
I didn't understand...
why he struggled so hard with no money.
Are you sure...
he coincidentally ran into Ji An again here?
This is a total emergency.
You and I being friends? That's just not right.
How could he cut me out just like that?
We've become pretty close so far.
Do Kyung.
Seo Hyun, can you pack Ji Soo's clothes...
left in her room?
By the way, what are you going to do?
What's going on with Ji An?
Grandfather even went to Ji An's parents.
What?
What is wrong with you?
Come back to your senses, and come back home.
Do Kyung is here?
Yes.
He directly came to see me?
Grandfather.
I couldn't go to Hawaii because of you.
I spent two months here.
I drink this tea instead of medicine, so wait.
Please hear me out first.
You can answer...
after you finish your tea.
I heard you went to Ji An's home.
Why did you go there?
You didn't come home.
Why did you go to her home because I didn't return?
We aren't dating.
That's the thing.
Ji An said nothing's going on between you two.
You said you're over her.
Then you must come home.
If you don't come home, it means you're lying.
So I gave them a warning.
Grandpa.
You even worked together to take away Ji Soo.
For Ji An to pull off...
something like that against our family...
only means that you have her back.
She did it because she loves her sister.
Then you can come home.
If you two aren't dating,
you must come home.
Only that would prove it.
But you didn't.
That means you and Ji An are lying.
Then do you think...
that this time,
I will stop at slapping Seo Tae Soo?
Did you hit...
Ji An's father?
Didn't she tell you?
I didn't hear it from her.
I don't care.
I hit him twice and gave a stern warning.
I guess you threatened him...
to harm his family.
Just like Mom.
You're the one who made me do something...
so uncultured, Do Kyung.
Seo Ji An!
Yes, Seo Ji An.
I told you that I won't bring her home.
I don't want us to live in this kind of household.
What?
You're concerned that I'll marry her.
Don't worry, Grandpa.
I won't marry Ji An.
I will never.
I won't because we can't live like this.
What?
And...
I won't come back either.
I won't come back regardless of Ji An.
What...
do you mean?
I haven't tried running my business yet.
I haven't yet lived my own life either.
You've decided...
not to obey my orders now.
Do you want to fight me?
I'm no longer...
your puppy, Grandpa.
I'm good at usual household chores.
I also worked as a franchise manager.
Which franchise?
A store that sells burgers.
You want to work?
Yes, I'm going to work...
to support Tae Soo when he comes home.
Are you serious?
Wouldn't I be when my husband's like that?
I was ignorant and practically blind.
Since I know that now, I can't turn a blind eye.
Even when Tae Soo was poor and struggling,
you said you were too weak to work.
Do you know what he kept saying to me...
after he thought he had cancer?
He told me not to burden the kids.
That broke my heart.
By the way, Mi Jung.
Didn't you have a guest when I last visited?
The old man who looked really rich.
Why was he here?
What business would a rich man have here?
Why did you come over anyway?
Well, to ask you to come shopping with me.
Seok Doo's in distribution thanks to Tae Soo.
He's coming home again.
You can't cancel the day we settle the balance.
Someone offered to pay us double.
This is for the breach of contract.
I'm really sorry.
May I ask who the other buyer is?
His agent came by.
It's Mr. No Yang Ho.
Sir.
I'm sorry.
But I want to be alone today.
I'm pretty impressed with Do Kyung.
I didn't think he'd do this.
He grew up so sheltered.
It's not at all easy...
to start from scratch.
Do you think he changed after meeting Ji An?
It's true that she's a positive influence.
She was to me too.
He'll need more waste wood when things get going.
I should connect him to the Incheon lumber yard.
Helping your future brother-in-law?
He makes me want to help out.
We should meet up after the contract's finalized.
To buy him some beef.
(Lee Yong Gook)
Hi, Yong Gook.
You sound drunk. Are you celebrating already?
No, I lost again.
What?
I guess he was watching me.
He's determined to ruin whatever I do.
Both Do Kyung and Ji An went through a lot.
Ji An pushed him away, but Do Kyung couldn't give up.
Ji An.
Ji Soo.
What is it? Is something wrong?
What could be wrong with me?
Everything's sorted out.
You're the problem.
You suffered so much because of my brother.
You're driving me insane. Why didn't you tell me?
You're too late. I didn't tell because it's over.
Let's go and get some beer from a convenience store.
No. I'm sick of convenience store beer.
Then let's go to a bar instead.
You both want to buy me a drink?
But not today. Some other time.
I want to finish this.
A carving? Who is it?
My dad.
Can you sweep up the shavings then?
Do Kyung will come for them tomorrow.
He's supposed to settle the balance today. Did he?
Don't call him.
Why not?
Chairman No's incredible.
He bought the factory at the last minute.
What?
Again?
He stopped it again?
What for? Why? Why this time?
I moved out of the share house...
and we ended our...
Do Kyung and I both gave up.
How could he do that?
Do Kyung can't go home...
without accomplishing anything.
He has his pride too.
He's his grandson.
Can't he at least protect his pride?
Only then can Do Kyung feel dignified.
How could he...
If I return now,
I must live like a spare part of Haesung.
Forever.
That's not the life I want.
I won't go home until I'm independent.
Seo Ji An. It's not about you anymore.
(Wood pellets)
What is it, Ji An?
Please pass this to Do Kyung.
I found a second-hand pellet machine for sale.
I did some research on what he can buy.
If he has a machine,
he just needs to find cheap factory space.
He already tested the idea...
and hired experienced workers.
Couldn't you just find him a factory?
You know many social enterprises.
Won Joo would know a few as well.
Were you up all night printing these?
He said he wouldn't survive...
if he were dragged back now
Don't ever tell him that I looked this up.
That won't be good for him.
Okay.
Do Kyung, let's talk.
So early in the morning?
I've decided to help you.
Your business is about up-cycling.
That's what I invest in.
You invest?
I'm not offering money.
I'll use my connections to help find a factory...
and buy machines...
by passing on things like this.
"Passing on"?
Second-hand machines.
The machinery you need to make pellets.
It's all there.
I got it from Ji An before work.
I bet she was up all night.
Ji An gave you this?
Yes.
She asked me to pretend I did the work,
but I'm useless at keeping secrets like this.
This is...
I asked Won Joo to find a few possible factories.
He's into up-cycling...
and they have regular meetings.
You should go through that first.
Thanks.
But where were you...
all dressed up like that?
Haesung corporation.
To strengthen myself.
However hard my grandpa tries to stop me,
even if I must work part-time for 100 years,
I told myself...
I'd never use the money he had given to me.
Then I got this gift.
Hello.
Sir, Sun Tae, and Ji An.
I'm Choi Do Kyung and I'll take your waste for free.
If you pack them up, I'll make good use of them.
The more you throw out, the better.
You want us to throw away perfectly fine wood?
Only if you aren't sure if they'll be of any use.
I'm busy today, so I'll go now.
Did he sort something out already?
Sir, can I drop by the office for 10 minutes?
Where are you going?
I was...
going to the office.
I wanted to ask Yong Gook something about work.
I can answer that.
Were you up all night?
You couldn't give it to me yourself.
You couldn't show any concern either.
Why must it be like this?
It's friendship.
"Friendship"?
What's wrong is wrong,
and I understand so well...
why you can't go home yet.
You don't want to be your grandpa's loose part.
Will you marry me?
I won't marry you.
You won't marry me, will you?
Let's date, Ji An.
I don't want to marry you.
But...
I want to at least date you.
So...
let's just date, Ji An.
Let's do it.
Dating only.
At least that.
Okay.
Dating only.
Fine.
(My Golden Life)
- Ji An. - Hi.
Let's go. We'll do everything others do.
Couples always stand like this.
Where are So Ra's lamps?
What did you eat with So Ra?
- Where did you go? - What?
How long will Chief Director Choi be on leave?
Whoever that woman is,
what if Do Kyung chooses her...
over the company?
Mom.
Ji An. We meet again.
Have you lost your mind?
Do Kyung, let's meet.
Do Kyung.